[IMP] Sales: Product Variants smart button update (#19034)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/products/variants.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attributes, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Attributes`.
```
Moved to the Product's drop-down menu.

Reviewer: The majority of this section has been moved to the eCommerce tab. I would double check if the options and functions have changed.

<img width="423" height="380" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3c4ef9a5-4d93-4a30-bcdd-340618961695" />

Reviewer: Need to update this image to 19.4

Reviewer: I don't see this option. Instead it's 'Free text' and 'default Extra Price' columns.

<img width="1116" height="308" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a075643-a96e-460c-a857-4e75854679a7" />

Reviewer: Again didn't see this option on the form, might need to remove it.

Reviewer: <img width="1059" height="147" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/df74d2be-77d0-48c9-9cd7-4127734b5ba3" />

This is the default I get when creating a new product with a new attribute I just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Variants` feature in the *Product Catalog* section, and click
```
Change sections or location based references to italics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the *Attributes \& Variants* tab. Then, choose the desired attribute from the drop-down
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Attributes can be created directly from the *Attributes \& Variants* tab of a product
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Here, the :guilabel:`Category Name` and :guilabel:`Sequence` are displayed at the top, followed
```
The second sentence is a fragment. I'm joining it with the first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      A red shirt's sales price is $23 -- because the shirt's template price is $20, plus an
      additional $3 for the red color variant. Pricelist rules can be configured to apply to the
      product template or to the variant.
```

Needs to be indented properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Refer to
   :doc:`../../../../inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/advanced_configuration/product_variants`
   documentation for more information.
```
This was also indented weirdly. I'm attempting to fix it to bring it in line with the rest of the list.

Reviewer 2: I'm not going to flag all of these for fixing, but it might be a future improvement to bring these in line with the current anchor naming convention. It likely has a widespread effect, though, so it's not important to fix now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Similar product variant creation processes are accessible through the **Purchase**,
   **Inventory**, and **eCommerce** applications.
```

=============

> To use product variants, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Configuration --> Settings`, then enable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use product variants, go to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Settings`, then enable
```

You'll have to check this for line length -- it'll just go over. I can't fix the whole thing for you because GitHub doesn't allow me to make comments on unchanged and changed lines together.

      .. image:: variants/multi-checkbox-display-type.png
         :alt: Multi-checkbox display type

   .. group-tab:: Image

      Options appear as images.

      .. image:: variants/image-display-type.png
         :alt: Image display type

> The :guilabel:`Variant Creation` field determines if/when a new variant is automatically created

Reviewer: Remove the 'if/when' maybe rewrite with something like " The :guilabel:`Variant Creation` field determines when a new variant is automatically created..."

> The :guilabel:`Variant Creation` field determines if/when a new variant is automatically created

Author: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Variant Creation` field determines when new variants are automatically created
```

> once an attribute is added to a product. Once added to a product, an attribute's :guilabel:`Variants

Reviewer 2: Are there two different guilabels, one named "Variant Creation" and another named "Variants Creation"? Or should the "s" be removed here?

Author: Good catch!

> once an attribute is added to a product. Once added to a product, an attribute's :guilabel:`Variants

Author: ```suggestion
once an attribute is added to a product. Once added to a product, an attribute's :guilabel:`Variant
```

  attribute with this tag, all values are loaded when the product displays, since the creation of

>   discrete variants is prevented.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Never`: Prevents the automatic creation of purchasable variants with this tag. Instead,
  this tag is treated as being informational. If more than one value is assigned to an attribute
  with this tag, all values are loaded when the product displays, since the creation of discrete
  variants is prevented.
```
Fixing the spelling of "purchasable."

.. important::
   If the attribute's :guilabel:`Display Type` is :guilabel:`Multi-checkbox`, you **must** set the
   :guilabel:`Variant Creation` field to :guilabel:`Never`.

In the *eCommerce* tab, the :guilabel:`Category`, :guilabel:`Filter`, :guilabel:`On Product Cards`,
and :guilabel:`Show Thumbnails` fields can be found.

- :guilabel:`Category`: Sets the category to regroup similar attributes under for comparison
  purposes.
- :guilabel:`Filter`: Determines whether these attribute options are visible to customers as they
  shop online.
- :guilabel:`On Product Cards`: Makes variants available for selection from the shop's pages. This
  option is only available if :guilabel:`Variant Creation` is set to *Instantly*.
- :guilabel:`Show Thumbnails`: Uses product variant images in place of the attribute value text.
  This option is only available if :guilabel:`Variant Creation` is set to *Instantly*.

To view the details related to an attribute category selected, simply click the category's list

> entry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view the details related to the selected attribute category, click the category's list entry.
```

This reads awkwardly. We also want to avoid using words like "easily," "simply," and the like.

Configure variants
------------------

On the attribute line is a :guilabel:`Configure` button. When clicked, Odoo opens a separate page
with that product's specific product variant :guilabel:`Values`. The layout of this page may differ
slightly from what is pictured based on the apps, modules, and prior configurations of the database.

> .. image:: variants/product-variant-values.png

Reviewer 2: Is there any chance you can retake this screenshot? You may be able to resize the screen and the table columns to make a screenshot more readable after it's resized to 933px.

Author: Actually, I'm going to remove this completely. The pop-up is really simplified in 19.4 and I'm not sure it conveys any useful information to the user to see it.

Configure variants
------------------

On the attribute line is a :guilabel:`Configure` button. When clicked, Odoo opens a separate page
with that product's specific product variant :guilabel:`Values`. The layout of this page may differ
slightly from what is pictured based on the apps, modules, and prior configurations of the database.

.. image:: variants/product-variant-values.png
   :alt: The Product Variant Values page accessible via the Configure button on a product form.

.. _products/variants/variants-smart-button:

Variants smart button
---------------------

> When a product has attributes and variants configured in its :guilabel:`Attributes \& Variants` tab,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a product has attributes and variants configured in its *Attributes \& Variants* tab,
```

    - A new set of variants using just Size and Color attributes will be created, for a total of 9
      product variants

   The business owner can find archived product variants by navigating to the product's form,
   clicking the :icon:`fa-sitemap` :guilabel:`Variants` smart button, clicking the drop-down in the
   search bar, and finally clicking the :guilabel:`Archived` tag in the :icon:`fa-filter`

>    :guilabel:`Variants`. Any deleted variants and their customizations will be lost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The business owner can find archived product variants by navigating to the product's form and
   clicking the :icon:`fa-sitemap` :guilabel:`Variants` smart button. On the *Variants* page, click
   the drop-down in the search bar, then click the :guilabel:`Archived` tag in the :icon:`fa-filter`
   :guilabel:`Variants`. Any deleted variants and their customizations will be lost.
```
This paragraph is harder to follow, in my opinion. We need to tell them where they find themselves along the way.

Additionally, I'm confused about how the "then click the Archived tag in the Variants" phrase. The sentence ends awkwardly with "the Variants." Maybe we say "then select the Archived filter in the Variants section"? (I assume that's what's happening?)
